run away with me we're on our way to New
York City this is where you make your
dreams of reality and if you dream big
like me too then NYU might be for you
what's up y'all have a girl here today
we are in NYU classroom I'm pretending
to be a student at NYU this right now is
a classroom in the spiritual building
and this building contains free yoga
classes meditation classes and safe
places for students around campus
this building has four floors and it's
also connected to a Student Life Center
that building has ten floors because
NYU's is located in the heart of
downtown the buildings have to build up
instead of spreading out and each floor
has classroom study spaces and
multi-purpose rooms for big events and
things like that
so behind me right there is a
spirituality and this is a Kimmel Center
which is basically the student rec
center this life building every study
space has a amazing so the thing about
and while you study spaces is it's
located very high so you can see Ottoman
happen just straight down Manhattan
[Music]
they have an escalator in their school
we are right now in the dining hall
right there and this window can show us
a pretty good view of this building
that's another dining hall and down
there is the main entrance and over here
is keeps kind of like a branch of
Starbucks where people can have some
coffee and study and these are printing
stations and over there is a communal
study space oh wow it's pouring rain
[Music]
so my NYU student friend told me a lot
of the tuition for NYU actually goes to
this library not for the building maybe
for the initial construction but
actually to keep its millions of
international databases that's why
there's very strict about entry even I
can't even into with a student taking me
in that means learning you can learn a
lot you can research a lot and you can
actually do practical things in this
library
oh it's pouring rain outside so we are
in the center of Washington Square Park
which is basically the park area for NYU
right behind me you can see the arches
and all around me is NYU campus over
there are classroom buildings that
actually used to be a textile building
that burned down and while you bought it
rebuilt classrooms over there is the
library which were you were in and
that's the life building and that's the
spiritual building and over there is a
business school and a lot of those
buildings and over here are dorms
the thing about NYU campus is that it's
integrated into this city so there are
actually some dormitories like 15-minute
walks away from here and there are
classrooms within those dormitories
but first-year dorm is near the central
campus which is good in the spring as
Rachael told me earlier there's a lot of
street performers in this Washington
Square Park and she loves people
watching because people are so weird and
unique and tacky in the New York area
alright let's walk faster let's walk
faster we are about to catch an uber so
as you can see we are in the streets of
little New York and on both sides of me
are classrooms of NYU these buildings
are our classrooms so NYU is such an
open campus it's actually a good and a
bad thing so Rachel told me sometimes I
can get a little bit
at NYU because you don't have that
campus culture everyone is spread out
through the whole entire city so it's
hard to find like a common meeting spot
for example at Columbia he um told me
she would study like 12 to 4 a.m. in the
morning with her friends in the lab you
can't really do that in NYU because you
got to get home and everyone lives in
different places and not many people
actually live in the dorms on campus but
on the flip side the good side of that
is you are literally in New York City so
you can go out explore and study
wherever you want and what you is
definitely a different culture than the
rest of the universities we went to but
if you like this New York City lifestyle
maybe NYU is for you another interesting
fact is that 80% of NYU students
actually go on exchange because NYU has
a lot of satellite campuses across the
world for example in Abu Dhabi which is
a Middle Eastern country the tuition of
that M value campus is completely paid
off by the king of the country and they
give you allowance to travel the world
that is an opportunities you would only
get from studying at and what are you
it's really cool ok thank you for
watching today and we're gonna go have
some Michelin stars and if you dream big
like me too if you want to get into a
good university if you want to get good
grades hit that subscribe button and
that notification valve because this is
a number one college channel we might
not have the most subscribers yet but
together we will get there and
number one my name is Hogg whoa and I
will see you the next time
[Music]